[exporter/datadogexporter] Add note about metrics stability (#3748)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/datadogexporter/README.md

> which contains recommendations on securing sensitive information such as the
> API key required by this exporter.

> > **Note**: Metrics exporting is not considered stable yet and may suffer breaking changes.

Reviewer: Very nitpicky: I think referring to the component is slightly clearer than referring to the function:
```suggestion
> **Note**: The metrics exporter is not considered stable yet and may suffer breaking changes.
```
